Defining the 0.1 language (#2759)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: proposals/p2759.md

## Proposal

We suggest a set of initial milestones for the Carbon project with version
numbers to make them easy to talk about. For each milestone, we try to outline
what the theme is, provide some concrete goals that should be addressed, and a
list of concrete features we expect to be complete.

While the proposal only suggests three milestones initially, it isn't precluding
adding additional milestones when and where they make sense as the project
progresses.

This proposal is suggesting a concrete and near-complete set of features for the
first milestone. While this list may be updated based on new information, we are
reasonably confident in its completeness. However, subsequent milestones are
intentionally left incomplete and open-ended. They will be filled in as they get
closer. The intent in having them here is to allow us to explicitly defer things
to later milestones without leaving them out entirely in cases where there is
specific interest in knowing when a major feature is expected.

**Summary of proposed milestones:**

-   "0.1" -- the MVP (Minimum Viable Product) language for the _evaluation_ of
    Carbon by C++ community and developers.

> -   "0.2" -- feature complete for evaluating and concluding the experiment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   "0.2" -- feature complete for in-production evaluation and concluding the experiment
```

Author: Is there another way to phrase this? I think I largely know what you mean here, but I'm worried about it being confused with "production-ready" below.

Reviewer: How about "feature complete for in-production experiments"?

Author: That also has a collision ("the experiment" later in this sentence).

Maybe I don't understand what you're trying to get to here after all -- what's the gap that you'd like to close?

Maybe it's more trying to make this clear that this covers the *whole* evaluation space? What about something like:

```suggestion
-   "0.2" -- feature complete for initial users to finish their evaluation and the project to conclude its experiment
```

The thing I'm getting to is that I think whether the evaluation is "in-production" or not is somewhat hard to define and likely to differ for different users. But we can maybe more concretely describe the goal post -- everyone needs to be able to complete their evaluation and make a reasonable confidence decision.

Reviewer: Your latest suggestion works for me. 0.1 there's enough there to begin a meaningful evaluation. 0.2 there's enough there to complete a meaningful evaluation.
